Fix subheading casing, clarify Kubernetes auth flow, and remove WSL s… (#2216)
kubestellar/docs: docs/content/console/quickstart.md

# If using Claude Code, type /mcp to see both plugins connected (optional)
```

## Run the Console

### Option A: Pre-Built Binaries (recommended)

```bash
curl -H "Cache-Control: no-cache" -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubestellar/console/main/start.sh | bash
```

> This downloads the console binary, starts the backend (port 8080), and opens your browser. It does **not** install kubestellar-mcp plugins — complete Step 1 first.

Author: ```suggestion
This downloads the console binary, starts the backend (port 8080), and opens your browser. It does **not** install kubestellar-mcp plugins — complete the `kubestellar-mcp` installation section first.
```

## Kubernetes Deployment

Before proceeding with the installation, you need to configure GitHub OAuth, which the application uses for access control.

1. Create a GitHub OAuth App at [GitHub Developer Settings](https://github.com/settings/developers) → OAuth Apps → New OAuth App:
   - **Application name**: `KubeStellar Console (dev)`
   - **Homepage URL**: `http://localhost:8080`
   - **Authorization callback URL**: `http://localhost:8080/auth/github/callback`

> 

Author: True
